The main purpose of the interface is providing an user friendly platform which enables users to improve the existing article and provide information. React JS is used for developing the frontend of the interface and the backend is developed using Flask. The interface is reactive and can cater to any screen size. On the home page, we see a bunch of cards with school names and their udise code. Upon selecting one, we are taken to the respective school’s page. Here, we see the school’s name on the top. A vertical list of names of different school’s attributes and the school’s article is seen side by side under the school’s name.

Upon clicking on any of the school’s attributes, an editable textbox along with a button which reads to save any changes drops down under the respective attribute’s name. If any data about the attribute exists, then we see a coherent telugu sentence describing the data. Users can add or edit the existing text and click on the respective button to save their changes. Users could simply type in english what they wish to see in telugu and see multiple transliterations of what they typed in telugu below the textbox. This was done with the help of the react-transliterate library. The panel with the school’s attributes is scrollable and resizable. This feature has been achieved using the react-resize-panel library. Additionally, if the user wishes to change the order of sentences in the article, they could simply drag and drop the respective attribute to wherever they wish. This is enabled using the react-beautiful-dnd library. Any changes made in this attribute’s panel immediately reflects in the school’s article. 

Under all this, we see two buttons titled ‘Home’ and ‘Save Changes’. If the user clicks on ‘Home’, they will be redirected to the home page and any changes if made will be discarded. On clicking the ‘Save Changes’ button, all the existing data, along with that has been modified or newly added, is sent to the backend, flask, and here it is saved. After that, the user will be notified that their edits have been saved. 
